# Introduction
This project's main objective is to boot up an OS, load and play a single video in loop. 

This is a solo project, I would not be accepting pull requests (if there are any) as it is as part of a learning process for me : ) 

I am currently working on: OS
Amount Completed: 0.1%

This idea was solely inspired by the upward trend of people playing Bad Apple on everything, so I am giving it a try. Learning while trolling at the same time.

3 Main things that I am creating from scratch (Not Final):
1) OS (10% of project)
2) Media Player (90% of project)
    - Color
    - "Graphics" Library (I'm not rly sure what I am saying at this point, its just my initial understanding of how it works.)
3) Audio Library?

I am thinking of making the intrepretation of the media files (firstly mp4) from scratch. So it would be understanding how to "convert" data from mp4 file into video and audio separately, then displaying it and playing the audio of the video on screen.

# Prerequisites for building
1) [NASM](https://www.nasm.us/pub/nasm/releasebuilds/2.15rc12/win64/) (For Compiling ASM)
2) [Qemu](https://qemu.weilnetz.de/w64/) (For emulating VM)

Every file in the journal would be encoded in this manner
```
C(ommit)1(Commit Index)
```
or if the commit is too extensive, I would partition it into x number of parts
```
C(ommit)1(Commit Index).3(Part 3 in this case)
```


Note: For anyone reading the journal,there would be some repeats especially this .md that could be seen in the [README.md](../README.md) . This works as a "journalised changelog". 

There would be references that I find useful in the last section of the file as well!

# Reference(s)
No references for this file :)

