# Overview
- Deciding on current development path

No, I am not working on the disk loader yet.

I'm following the tutorial provided by Nanobyte(1) to make my MakeFile, automating the build process. This would be extremely helpful when we have more files to compile and build later on.

After that, I refered to OS Wiki(2) to create a FAT32 file system(instead of FAT16 which was created in (1)). I mainly did this due to scalability issues, when I want to load up larger troll videos other than Bad Apple, it would be easier, I think.. Ok not really, now that I think about it, working on a FAT32 system would just delay **actual** project development, although I would learn about file systems. But it is unnecessary if I want to work on. 
After 10 productive  minutes of flying around the wiki, I stumbled upon a detailed how-to of booting the kernel that does not require additional disk sectors (i think)... Since this is largely related to the kernel, we can start working on the "fun" part of the project, decoding the mp4 file and playing it on the OS.

Now, I started wrecking my brains before actually implementing it, since the OS is in a "box", how are we suppose to read the mp4 in the first place? Here are some of my ideas:
1) So, as an alternative (for now), I want to code out the .c file that reads and decodes the mp4 file 
2) We don't, try to open and load the mp4 file into the disk first by manually concatentating its data at the end of the image, and manually locating the start of the mp4 file to decode.

I decide to go with number 2. 
In order to understand the linkage between the boot and the kernel. We first have to write up a sample kernel. This would be continued in c3.3


# References
1) [Reading from the disk tutorial By Nanobyte](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srbnMNk7K7k)
2) [OS Wiki](https://wiki.osdev.org/)
