# Overview
- Linking Kernel to boot

# Thoughts
Before diving into writing kernel, I would like to say that OS Dev is really extremely hard to learn. When writing the code, It would be as simple as 
- Allocating space for writing mp4
- Decoding mp4 (the "only" hard part)
- Drawing pixels for mp4
- Finding audio device and playing audio

No, it is way harder than that. There are alot of stuff that I need to catch up on that may or may not be covered in the journal. There would be some commits that are completely unrelated to the project itself but just me learning OS development and assembly at the same time. Currently, this is my interpretation of how the image is structured:
1) Bootloader
2) Kernel
    - Drawing up a box
    - Decoding MP4
    - Drawing Loop
        - Draw each pixel of mp4
        - Clear (it may not be clear but update as to my current understanding of mp4)
        - Repeat
    - Audio Loop (oh yea, there may be a need for multithreading)
        - Pass audio data to audio driver
        - Repeat
3) MP4 File

I would set the deadline of this tiresome project to the end of this year(2021). My unrealistic goal of finishing this project is by the end of Aug 2021, or around mid Sep 2021.

But anyhows, let's jump back into writing up the kernel.
# Linking Kernel to boot
Okay, from reading up on the wiki(1), UEFI seems to be the mode of booting mode that we are going to lean against, as it supports most modern OSes. Here are the requirements
1) Your own terminal driver that uses bitmap fonts to draw text onto the screen 
2) Request a graphical framebuffer from bootloader

Custom bootloaders(us) are on their own, there are no guided tutorials, but the wiki pointed us towards this:
- Figure out a standardised boot protocol to boot from both BIOS and UEFI
- Ditch BIOS compatibility entirely and have the kernel rely on UEFI facilities directly.

To rush for time, we would go with just the second option.

Seeing that we have set this in stone, I took a look at how I am going to write out a "terminal driver" for our OS, there is already an prewritten one by Slapparoo. I did not like the fact that I would be completely copying code again. Therefore, I decided to research and develop on my own!





# Referencecs
1) [OS Dev Wiki](https://wiki.osdev.org/)